exercise 11-1 squats with toe raise this
exercise strengthens your hamstrings and
calf muscles and improves your movement
control assume the starting position
standing with your feet hip-width apart
and your hands on your hips
during this exercise slowly bend your
hips knees and ankles until your knees
are flexed to 90 degrees lean your upper
body forwards then straighten your upper
body hips and knees
when your knees are completely straight
stand up on your toes and then slowly
lower yourself down again before
straightening up slightly more quickly
repeat the exercise for 30 seconds
the important when performing the
exercise when viewed from the front the
hip knee and foot of both legs should be
in two straight parallel lines do not
let your knees buckle inwards
bend your hips knees and ankles at the
same time and lean your upper body Falls
when leaning your upper body fords keep
your back straight do not tilt your head
backwards stand up on your toes when you
straighten up repetitions two sets
thirty seconds each
chiming so girls up